Updates for golden image heterogenous cluster support (#99811)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-modify-workload-node-heterogenous-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-creating-vms-from-rh-images-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE 
[id="virt-modify-workload-node-heterogenous-cluster_{context}"]

= Modifying workloads node placement in a hetergenous cluster

:FeatureName: Golden image support for heterogenous clusters
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> If you have a heterogenous cluster but not want to enable multiple archiecture support, you can modify the workloads node placement in the HyperConverged CR to only include nodes with a specific architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a heterogeneous cluster but do not want to enable multiple architecture support, you can modify the workloads node placement in the HyperConverged CR to only include nodes with a specific architecture.
```

Author: Fixed. Thank you!
